Xtoken guide update (#22)
AcalaNetwork/acala-wiki: build/development-guide/composable-chains/README.md

### Background

> [Polkadot Cross-Consensus Message Format \(XCM\)](https://github.com/paritytech/xcm-format) is a generic message format that is very flexible but loosely defined. Therefore, we need to provide an implementation of the required use case e.g. cross-chain transfer, for parachains to be interoperable with the same context, namely, send/receive fungible assets between parachains, and between relay chain and parachains. We want to keep the same interface for Relay Chain assets (like DOT or KSM), and for native parachains assets (like ACA for Acala), and abstract from implementation details making it easy to integrate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Polkadot Cross-Consensus Message Format \(XCM\)](https://github.com/paritytech/xcm-format) is a generic message format that doesn't specify use cases like fungible tokens. Therefore, we need to provide an implementation of the required use case e.g. cross-chain transfer, for parachains to be interoperable with the same context, namely, send/receive fungible assets between parachains, and between relay chain and parachains. We want to keep the same interface for Relay Chain assets (like DOT or KSM), and for native parachains assets (like ACA for Acala), and abstract from implementation details making it easy to integrate.
```

The previous description of xcm format looks more reasonable to me.

## Integration Guide

This guide shows how to set up cross-chain transfers between two parachains (**parachain A** and **parachain B**) for sending through their native tokens (**A-Token** and **B-Token** respectively) and **Relay Chain** assets (e.g. DOT in Polkadot).

Transfer messages are wrapped in XCM format and delivered using Horizontal Relay-routed Message Passing (HRMP) channels.

> While [XCMP](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/en/learn-crosschain) is still being implemented, a stop-gap protocol (see definition below) known as [HRMP](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/en/learn-crosschain#horizontal-relay-routed-message-passing-hrmp) exists in its place. HRMP has the same interface and functionality as XCMP but is much more demanding on resources since it stores all messages in the Relay Chain storage. When XCMP has been implemented, HRMP is planned to be deprecated and phased out in favor of it.

### Step 0 Local Parachain Testnet

Follow [this guide](https://hackmd.io/dhmCATb_QqygCPxkxaDcmA) by @bertstachios to set up a local parachain testnet environment.

> ### Step 1 Parachain A should include B-Token (native parachain B token).

Reviewer: As this guide is for *composable with Acala*, I think we should keep the description as *Acala and your parachain*, instead of *parachain A* and *parachain B*. All the below steps should be updated based on this.

Author: @bette7 what do you think?
